---
title: Milestones
date: 2019-11-04
---

Sciebo RDS uses an agile approach to software engineering (Scrum with elements from Kanban and XP) which makes it possible to react quickly to new situations, e.g. software problems, and helps particularly with respect to the handling of unforeseen or changing requirements. 

<!--more-->

The following list of milestones is meant to illustrate some fundamental aspects of the project.

{{<milestones "milestones milestones-bordered">}}
  {{<milestone "milestone-success glyphicon glyphicon-ok">}}
    Identification of hardware and software requirements for the project.
  {{</milestone>}}
  {{<milestone "milestone-success glyphicon glyphicon-ok">}}
    Identification of the fundamental features requested by the intended users.
  {{</milestone>}}
  {{<milestone "milestone-success glyphicon glyphicon-ok">}}
    Development of a website that documents the project activities.
  {{</milestone>}}
  {{<milestone "milestone-info glyphicon glyphicon-ok">}}
    Design of a software architecture and documentation with Arc42.
  {{</milestone>}}
  {{<milestone "milestone-info glyphicon glyphicon-ok">}}
    Providing public access to the software code.
  {{</milestone>}}
  {{<milestone "milestone-info glyphicon glyphicon-ok">}}
    Development of a DevOps pipeline.
  {{</milestone>}}
  {{<milestone "milestone-info glyphicon glyphicon-ok">}}
    Continuous documentation of the project progress and the software code.
  {{</milestone>}}
  {{<milestone "milestone-info glyphicon glyphicon-ok">}}
    Software documentation is automatically made available on the website (e.g. using the DevOps pipeline).
  {{</milestone>}}
  {{<milestone "milestone-info fa fa-road">}}
    Establishment of a hardware infrastructure.
  {{</milestone>}}
  {{<milestone "milestone-warning glyphicon glyphicon-stats">}}
    Keeping the infrastructure and software controllable by common methods and support debugging via Opentracing and Metrics.
  {{</milestone>}}
  {{<milestone "milestone-warning fas fa-users">}}
    Providing the exemplary implementation of some functionalities via sciebo.de to a larger audience.
  {{</milestone>}}
{{</milestones>}}

Please feel free to browse through the [documentation](/doc/) and the architecture description in case you are interested in these topics.